data_loader_1  | loading etpeth with 68983 lines
data_loader_1  | loading kanusd with 45668 lines
data_loader_1  | loading algbtc with 6555 lines
data_loader_1  | loading okbbtc with 2 lines
data_loader_1  | loading avtusd with 76845 lines
data_loader_1  | loading edoeth with 25394 lines
data_loader_1  | loading funeth with 27007 lines
data_loader_1  | loading eoseur with 193663 lines
data_loader_1  | loading paxusd with 121468 lines
data_loader_1  | loading leobtc with 28074 lines
data_loader_1  | loading zbtust with 32005 lines
data_loader_1  | loading batbtc with 36798 lines
data_loader_1  | loading sngusd with 18911 lines
data_loader_1  | loading tkneth with 3659 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dtxusd with 9173 lines
data_loader_1  | loading atobtc with 4304 lines
data_loader_1  | loading nioeth with 560 lines
data_loader_1  | loading vetbtc with 177980 lines
data_loader_1  | loading gsdusd with 1098 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rifbtc with 71445 lines
data_loader_1  | loading odebtc with 11438 lines
data_loader_1  | loading evtusd with 0 lines
data_loader_1  | loading orsbtc with 1064 lines
data_loader_1  | loading omnusd with 988 lines
data_loader_1  | loading anteth with 1785 lines
data_loader_1  | loading iqxeos with 8745 lines
data_loader_1  | loading wloxlm with 1703 lines
data_loader_1  | loading daieth with 18483 lines
data_loader_1  | loading trxgbp with 19611 lines
data_loader_1  | loading tknusd with 3664 lines
data_loader_1  | loading iosbtc with 10698 lines
data_loader_1  | loading yggusd with 57688 lines
data_loader_1  | loading leoeos with 912 lines
data_loader_1  | loading clousd with 1316 lines
data_loader_1  | loading veeeth with 3811 lines
data_loader_1  | loading zcneth with 29070 lines
data_loader_1  | loading eosgbp with 58513 lines
data_loader_1  | loading atoeth with 3185 lines
data_loader_1  | loading boxeth with 1959 lines
data_loader_1  | loading seneth with 3044 lines
data_loader_1  | loading trxbtc with 141612 lines
data_loader_1  | loading vldusd with 869 lines
data_loader_1  | loading batusd with 59282 lines
data_loader_1  | loading iosusd with 17745 lines
data_loader_1  | loading atmbtc with 365 lines
data_loader_1  | loading pnketh with 2780 lines
data_loader_1  | loading stjusd with 3125 lines
data_loader_1  | loading waxeth with 3591 lines
data_loader_1  | loading datusd with 190991 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ampbtc with 2059 lines
data_loader_1  | loading hoteth with 6764 lines
data_loader_1  | loading waxusd with 15883 lines
data_loader_1  | loading niousd with 2940 lines
data_loader_1  | loading lymusd with 82830 lines
data_loader_1  | loading lrcusd with 8193 lines
data_loader_1  | loading utkusd with 5019 lines
data_loader_1  | loading senusd with 2687 lines
data_loader_1  | loading agiusd with 10595 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mkrdai with 1798 lines
data_loader_1  | loading pasusd with 6240 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dadeth with 287738 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ctxeth with 8186 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rlcbtc with 17372 lines
data_loader_1  | loading miteth with 5193 lines
data_loader_1  | loading etcbtc with 616198 lines
data_loader_1  | loading gtxust with 167 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xmrbtc with 511270 lines
data_loader_1  | loading gnousd with 479 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rteeth with 33538 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xrausd with 2407 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rlceth with 15329 lines
data_loader_1  | loading bftbtc with 69332 lines
data_loader_1  | loading fttusd with 2728 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mlnusd with 979 lines
data_loader_1  | loading omgusd with 637325 lines
data_loader_1  | loading loousd with 342 lines
data_loader_1  | loading uskeos with 10 lines
data_loader_1  | loading trxeth with 55884 lines
data_loader_1  | loading qsheth with 55723 lines
data_loader_1  | loading vetusd with 53823 lines
data_loader_1  | loading vsybtc with 160123 lines
data_loader_1  | loading iotusd with 917211 lines
data_loader_1  | loading elfbtc with 202291 lines
data_loader_1  | loading babbtc with 121188 lines
data_loader_1  | loading foausd with 442 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rrtbtc with 38147 lines
data_loader_1  | loading aiobtc with 6223 lines
data_loader_1  | loading btceur with 720663 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mitusd with 16134 lines
data_loader_1  | loading atmeth with 2428 lines
data_loader_1  | loading zcnusd with 1095 lines
data_loader_1  | loading gnoeth with 364 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xlmjpy with 6440 lines
data_loader_1  | loading zecbtc with 470952 lines
data_loader_1  | loading bsvusd with 174612 lines
data_loader_1  | loading tsdusd with 3867 lines
data_loader_1  | loading euseth with 658 lines
data_loader_1  | loading sanusd with 284072 lines
data_loader_1  | loading btgusd with 394921 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xtzbtc with 45058 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ethgbp with 108495 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xchusd with 2069 lines
data_loader_1  | loading avtbtc with 33915 lines
data_loader_1  | loading qshbtc with 73636 lines
data_loader_1  | loading poyusd with 2017 lines
data_loader_1  | loading enjeth with 1400 lines
data_loader_1  | loading etcusd with 909979 lines
data_loader_1  | loading cbtusd with 1366 lines
data_loader_1  | loading saneth with 52423 lines
data_loader_1  | loading uskbtc with 11 lines
data_loader_1  | loading absusd with 3491 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dgbusd with 2667 lines
data_loader_1  | loading antusd with 2349 lines
data_loader_1  | loading neousd with 728174 lines
data_loader_1  | loading onleth with 3212 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xtzusd with 45277 lines
data_loader_1  | loading bbnusd with 7939 lines
data_loader_1  | loading astusd with 286 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rcnusd with 15149 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ethust with 71650 lines
data_loader_1  | loading kncusd with 2871 lines
data_loader_1  | loading bciusd with 74085 lines
data_loader_1  | loading antbtc with 2100 lines
data_loader_1  | loading abseth with 5481 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ioseth with 8367 lines
data_loader_1  | loading bttbtc with 2546 lines
data_loader_1  | loading kanust with 71401 lines
data_loader_1  | loading yywbtc with 89490 lines
data_loader_1  | loading csxusd with 722 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ncaeth with 593 lines
data_loader_1  | loading agibtc with 18240 lines
data_loader_1  | loading bateth with 35232 lines
data_loader_1  | loading avteth with 22565 lines
data_loader_1  | loading datbtc with 118583 lines
data_loader_1  | loading lymeth with 98672 lines
data_loader_1  | loading leoeth with 4250 lines
data_loader_1  | loading edousd with 174911 lines
data_loader_1  | loading seeeth with 436 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rdnusd with 5799 lines
data_loader_1  | loading trxeur with 20559 lines
data_loader_1  | loading tnbbtc with 88991 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xvggbp with 2490 lines
data_loader_1  | loading okbeth with 17 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xvgeth with 4621 lines
data_loader_1  | loading paseth with 323 lines
data_loader_1  | loading zilusd with 8299 lines
data_loader_1  | loading euteur with 202 lines
data_loader_1  | loading paiusd with 49983 lines
data_loader_1  | loading odeeth with 5914 lines
data_loader_1  | loading requsd with 5775 lines
data_loader_1  | loading foaeth with 340 lines
data_loader_1  | loading zrxdai with 207 lines
data_loader_1  | loading chzust with 47 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rcneth with 33649 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mlneth with 410 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xvgeur with 3980 lines
data_loader_1  | loading waxbtc with 11594 lines
data_loader_1  | loading neojpy with 23112 lines
data_loader_1  | loading swmeth with 235 lines
data_loader_1  | loading trxusd with 273507 lines
data_loader_1  | loading enjusd with 2755 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ethbtc with 1209767 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ltcusd with 1459707 lines
data_loader_1  | loading zrxeth with 41923 lines
data_loader_1  | loading fttust with 2388 lines
data_loader_1  | loading poaeth with 814 lines
data_loader_1  | loading sntbtc with 44969 lines
data_loader_1  | loading omgeth with 154780 lines
data_loader_1  | loading eoseth with 343824 lines
data_loader_1  | loading senbtc with 1464 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ncausd with 1741 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rrbusd with 1132 lines
data_loader_1  | loading veebtc with 3666 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mnabtc with 24934 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ustusd with 242636 lines
data_loader_1  | loading zcnbtc with 335 lines
data_loader_1  | loading seebtc with 79530 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ampust with 122764 lines
data_loader_1  | loading boxusd with 3020 lines
data_loader_1  | loading wlousd with 13545 lines
data_loader_1  | loading neobtc with 366415 lines
data_loader_1  | loading aucbtc with 927 lines
data_loader_1  | loading drnusd with 834 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dshbtc with 471947 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dtausd with 3176 lines
data_loader_1  | loading daibtc with 11559 lines
data_loader_1  | loading elfusd with 251286 lines
data_loader_1  | loading eosbtc with 672316 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rbtbtc with 173877 lines
data_loader_1  | loading vldeth with 823 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dtheth with 7794 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xrpbtc with 719832 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mkrusd with 13501 lines
data_loader_1  | loading iqxusd with 10557 lines
data_loader_1  | loading repbtc with 18726 lines
data_loader_1  | loading essbtc with 550 lines
data_loader_1  | loading tnbusd with 72822 lines
data_loader_1  | loading bcibtc with 34278 lines
data_loader_1  | loading genusd with 8019 lines
data_loader_1  | loading veeusd with 6407 lines
data_loader_1  | loading paibtc with 42575 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mtneth with 17695 lines
data_loader_1  | loading udcusd with 3931 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dshusd with 621853 lines
data_loader_1  | loading okbusd with 53 lines
data_loader_1  | loading bttusd with 16966 lines
data_loader_1  | loading snteth with 31594 lines
data_loader_1  | loading poyeth with 41513 lines
data_loader_1  | loading aucusd with 2136 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rcnbtc with 69296 lines
data_loader_1  | loading geneth with 12507 lines
data_loader_1  | loading auceth with 1225 lines
data_loader_1  | loading algusd with 2142 lines
data_loader_1  | loading manusd with 5707 lines
data_loader_1  | loading bntbtc with 977 lines
data_loader_1  | loading utnusd with 3086 lines
data_loader_1  | loading vsyusd with 135463 lines
data_loader_1  | loading eususd with 2161 lines
data_loader_1  | loading btcust with 103332 lines
data_loader_1  | loading gnteth with 34481 lines
data_loader_1  | loading yyweth with 29227 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xvgjpy with 2749 lines
data_loader_1  | loading omgbtc with 365526 lines
data_loader_1  | loading lymbtc with 95426 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ufreth with 267 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ltcust with 10398 lines
data_loader_1  | loading aidusd with 27520 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ncabtc with 521 lines
data_loader_1  | loading bfteth with 102780 lines
data_loader_1  | loading etpusd with 431798 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mnaeth with 8984 lines
data_loader_1  | loading eosust with 16895 lines
data_loader_1  | loading gntusd with 95807 lines
data_loader_1  | loading funusd with 74136 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ampusd with 98413 lines
data_loader_1  | loading agieth with 20756 lines
data_loader_1  | loading iotjpy with 34547 lines
data_loader_1  | loading utneth with 7075 lines
data_loader_1  | loading cndusd with 1204 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xlmeth with 14454 lines
data_loader_1  | loading hotusd with 7633 lines
data_loader_1  | loading goteur with 11746 lines
data_loader_1  | loading seeusd with 5467 lines
data_loader_1  | loading zileth with 1390 lines
data_loader_1  | loading cnneth with 66744 lines
data_loader_1  | loading daiusd with 37526 lines
data_loader_1  | loading atousd with 7927 lines
data_loader_1  | loading wtceth with 1561 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dadusd with 2269 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xcheth with 2438 lines
data_loader_1  | loading looeth with 173 lines
data_loader_1  | loading poybtc with 2655 lines
data_loader_1  | loading orsusd with 4794 lines
data_loader_1  | loading bnteth with 509 lines
data_loader_1  | loading trxjpy with 20255 lines
data_loader_1  | loading lrcbtc with 4759 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rdnbtc with 3674 lines
data_loader_1  | loading zilbtc with 4553 lines
data_loader_1  | loading stjeth with 2186 lines
data_loader_1  | loading repusd with 18984 lines
data_loader_1  | loading btcxch with 976 lines
data_loader_1  | loading funbtc with 43134 lines
data_loader_1  | loading spkusd with 36708 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xlmusd with 93682 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dtabtc with 3562 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dtaeth with 775 lines
data_loader_1  | loading edobtc with 86282 lines
data_loader_1  | loading fsneth with 1357 lines
data_loader_1  | loading btcgbp with 201501 lines
data_loader_1  | loading neceth with 828 lines
data_loader_1  | loading wbtusd with 302 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dateth with 81703 lines
data_loader_1  | loading knceth with 1036 lines
data_loader_1  | loading tsdust with 826 lines
data_loader_1  | loading poabtc with 1045 lines
data_loader_1  | loading uskusd with 61 lines
data_loader_1  | loading wtcusd with 2966 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ethjpy with 174959 lines
data_loader_1  | loading uskust with 35 lines
data_loader_1  | loading eosjpy with 80808 lines
data_loader_1  | loading iotgbp with 40045 lines
data_loader_1  | loading lrceth with 1784 lines
data_loader_1  | loading impusd with 2233 lines
data_loader_1  | loading qshusd with 110520 lines
data_loader_1  | loading gntbtc with 49806 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rifusd with 9043 lines
data_loader_1  | loading asteth with 333 lines
data_loader_1  | loading reqbtc with 4123 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ioteur with 149170 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rrbust with 8888 lines
data_loader_1  | loading bsvbtc with 89082 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rdneth with 4938 lines
data_loader_1  | loading kncbtc with 2551 lines
data_loader_1  | loading wbteth with 584 lines
data_loader_1  | loading omgdai with 407 lines
data_loader_1  | loading swmusd with 208 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mtnusd with 19455 lines
data_loader_1  | loading btgbtc with 217133 lines
data_loader_1  | loading tnbeth with 114003 lines
data_loader_1  | loading drneth with 265 lines
data_loader_1  | loading algust with 4259 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dthusd with 10973 lines
data_loader_1  | loading wprusd with 1341 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xlmbtc with 43935 lines
data_loader_1  | loading wprbtc with 1017 lines
data_loader_1  | loading btcjpy with 258944 lines
data_loader_1  | loading spketh with 17243 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xrpusd with 1156494 lines
data_loader_1  | loading gtxusd with 112 lines
data_loader_1  | loading leousd with 230769 lines
data_loader_1  | loading btcusd with 2586287 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xmrusd with 638574 lines
data_loader_1  | loading etheur with 342322 lines
data_loader_1  | loading spkbtc with 16860 lines
data_loader_1  | loading uosusd with 47713 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mitbtc with 5364 lines
data_loader_1  | loading maneth with 11160 lines
data_loader_1  | loading neoeth with 134839 lines
data_loader_1  | loading aidbtc with 9543 lines
data_loader_1  | loading aioeth with 7862 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xlmgbp with 6067 lines
data_loader_1  | loading iqxbtc with 6644 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dthbtc with 1457 lines
data_loader_1  | loading zecusd with 657668 lines
data_loader_1  | loading wpreth with 464 lines
data_loader_1  | loading etpbtc with 170856 lines
data_loader_1  | loading sngeth with 5693 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ufrusd with 305 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mnausd with 43809 lines
data_loader_1  | loading necbtc with 133 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xvgbtc with 18619 lines
data_loader_1  | loading inteth with 15875 lines
data_loader_1  | loading cbtbtc with 656 lines
data_loader_1  | loading aiousd with 9300 lines
data_loader_1  | loading onlusd with 3375 lines
data_loader_1  | loading sntusd with 80952 lines
data_loader_1  | loading omnbtc with 1282 lines
data_loader_1  | loading iotbtc with 608037 lines
data_loader_1  | loading okbust with 18 lines
data_loader_1  | loading pnkusd with 1875 lines
data_loader_1  | loading zbtusd with 36883 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dgbbtc with 3796 lines
data_loader_1  | loading sngbtc with 13048 lines
data_loader_1  | loading eosusd with 1036963 lines
data_loader_1  | loading triusd with 149 lines
data_loader_1  | loading bntusd with 774 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dgxusd with 42209 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rrtusd with 97539 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mgoeth with 90500 lines
data_loader_1  | loading uosbtc with 24671 lines
data_loader_1  | loading zrxbtc with 62358 lines
data_loader_1  | loading qtmusd with 192872 lines
data_loader_1  | loading aideth with 6255 lines
data_loader_1  | loading yggeth with 34334 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xraeth with 1053 lines
data_loader_1  | loading poausd with 2902 lines
data_loader_1  | loading goteth with 2609 lines
data_loader_1  | loading leoust with 50822 lines
data_loader_1  | loading fsnbtc with 1515 lines
data_loader_1  | loading repeth with 17910 lines
data_loader_1  | loading essusd with 2868 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rlcusd with 19890 lines
data_loader_1  | loading screth with 11096 lines
data_loader_1  | loading neogbp with 29118 lines
data_loader_1  | loading veteth with 130589 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xlmeur with 10494 lines
data_loader_1  | loading hotbtc with 7116 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dtxust with 26543 lines
data_loader_1  | loading neoeur with 73877 lines
data_loader_1  | loading orseth with 1254 lines
data_loader_1  | loading cndbtc with 710 lines
data_loader_1  | loading sanbtc with 111892 lines
data_loader_1  | loading esseth with 44578 lines
data_loader_1  | loading odeusd with 33692 lines
data_loader_1  | loading zrxusd with 192594 lines
data_loader_1  | loading stjbtc with 2469 lines
data_loader_1  | loading cndeth with 473 lines
data_loader_1  | loading csxeth with 612 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ioteth with 304171 lines
data_loader_1  | loading elfeth with 247881 lines
data_loader_1  | loading chzusd with 59 lines
data_loader_1  | loading trieth with 95 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ctxusd with 11981 lines
data_loader_1  | loading utkbtc with 73245 lines
data_loader_1  | loading gotusd with 15465 lines
data_loader_1  | loading scrusd with 13683 lines
data_loader_1  | loading reqeth with 3799 lines
data_loader_1  | loading udcust with 1164 lines
data_loader_1  | loading eutusd with 206 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ltcbtc with 1009585 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dadbtc with 314533 lines
data_loader_1  | loading cbteth with 409 lines
data_loader_1  | loading necusd with 1301 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mgousd with 223270 lines
data_loader_1  | loading usketh with 11 lines
data_loader_1  | loading babust with 4290 lines
data_loader_1  | loading atmusd with 1526 lines
data_loader_1  | loading intusd with 17672 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rbtusd with 641 lines
data_loader_1  | loading clobtc with 4650 lines
data_loader_1  | loading yywusd with 120046 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ctxbtc with 8199 lines
data_loader_1  | loading paxust with 558 lines
data_loader_1  | loading bbneth with 564 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mkreth with 42930 lines
data_loader_1  | loading cnnusd with 5751 lines
data_loader_1  | loading rteusd with 664 lines
data_loader_1  | loading utketh with 63515 lines
data_loader_1  | loading bftusd with 118052 lines
data_loader_1  | loading fsnusd with 2014 lines
data_loader_1  | loading impeth with 356 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mtnbtc with 15011 lines
data_loader_1  | loading dgxeth with 27734 lines
data_loader_1  | loading xvgusd with 27991 lines
data_loader_1  | loading babusd with 282941 lines
data_loader_1  | loading mkrbtc with 17905 lines
data_loader_1  | loading qtmbtc with 118883 lines
data_loader_1  | loading qtmeth with 38905 lines
data_loader_1  | loading ethusd with 1465161 lines
